Okay, so in this video
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take a look at your
main dashboard.
So if we start over here on the left hand side, you can see
that the first thing is I have three statuses.
So I have active, I have contests that have been completed,
and then I have contests that are unpublished.
Okay? So we'll come over here to active,
and you can see here are my active contest down below.
And then if we come over here, I can go ahead
and click this button here.
If I want to create a contest,
and if I want to delete a selected contest,
I would come over here and click here,
and then I could go ahead and delete this contest.
Now also, if we look at the data that's available, you see
that you have the name of the main contest.
Then if you want to get your link, you come over here,
you click this button and you could go ahead
and copy the link to your contest.
Next, this is when the contest ends.
This is the number of impressions.
So this is the number of people
that actually opened up your contest.
This is the number of points that have been earned
inside of each contest.
This is the main subscribers
that have came through the contest.
And what that means is when you put your link out there,
if somebody opts in from your link from the main link, then
that is counted as a main subscriber.
Okay? So if you look at it here, 44% of all
of my subscribers were main subscribers.
And then we have referral subscribers.
And these are people that your players have brought in.
So these are subscribers that have came in
through your players link.
Uh, so there's 13,000 929, 50 7%
of all your subscribers came from referral subscribers.
And then we have an overall opt-in rate. Okay?
And you can see right now this is an active campaign.
I could very easily click this button to deactivate it.
But now if we come over here to these three little dots,
and if we click them, you can see
that there's some options down below.
So if I want to edit this campaign, I could click edit.
If I want to preview the campaign, I could click preview.
If I wanna come over here and set up my autoresponders
for everybody that goes through the
campaign, you can do that.
If I wanna share this on Facebook, we could go ahead
and click that button and we could do that.
If I want to clone the campaign, which I highly recommend
that you do once you get your initial campaign set
up, you could do that.
If you want to add retargeting pixels to your pages,
to your contest, you could do that.
If you wanna generate a script
that you could use on a third party, uh, software,
like a page builder or WordPress
or something like that, you could do that.
If you wanna come over here and look at the entries just
for this one campaign, you could do that.
If you want to see the live leaderboard updates,
if you wanna go ahead and see,
add a C name to this campaign.
So instead of using the domain name, which is sharing Lee,
you could very easily add your own domain to it.
And then finally, this right here is where you can go about
and share the link.
I also wanna point out
That here at the bottom, you could go ahead
and go to the next page, should you have a lot of campaigns,
but that probably won't be the case.
And you can also come over here and search.
Now, if we come over here to the top, you could see
that this is the main dashboard.
If you have the uh, referral campaign dashboard,
then that's gonna take you here.
I've got another video showing you how to do that.
This is your reward library. This is your statistics.
This is where you'll find your subscribers.
And then if you have our agency account, that will appear.
And then underneath my account, this is
where you're gonna set up your API integrations, your SMTP,
your video tutorials, and how you will log out.
Okay? So there is the overall tour of the dashboard.
Pretty self-explanatory,
but hopefully you understand it better.